# Title
Based on DA（Data Analytics）and AI（Artificial Intelligence）: Financial Market Analysis and Forecasting. 

# Purpose
This program aims to use DAAI technology to analyze the data of financial markets (limited to the Chinese and American markets) (covering different indexes: Shanghai Composite Index, Shenzhen Index, ChiNext Index, Nasdaq Composite, Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500), and select three model training data from machine learning (SVM), and deep learning (CNN, RNN) respectively to predict trends. Compare how different models perform in the same data and how the same model performs in different data, and performance in different situations. On this basis of predictions, generate stock trading strategies.

# conclusion
This program conducts both a horizontal and vertical comparison of the predictive performance of the US and Chinese stock indices under different conditions using SVM, LSTM, and C_CNN models. Broadly speaking, the LSTM model outperforms both the C_CNN and SVM models in terms of overall accuracy and stability, suggesting that LSTM is more suited for stock index prediction than the other two models. From a market perspective, US stock indices exhibit larger magnitude and volatility compared to Chinese indices, they cater to different investor preferences, whether investors are aggressive or conservative. In terms of parameters, augmenting with additional feature values enhances overall performance, emphasizing that investors should consider multiple metrics to achieve more precise predictions. After hyperparameter adjustments, model performance correspondingly increases or decreases, highlighting the need for tuning to achieve optimal parameters. With a shift in input data strategy, model proficiency degrades. The time window setting in time series data results in an extensive temporal span, accumulating errors and elevating noise levels. The oscillatory convergence observed in long-term predictions serves as a cautionary note, emphasizing that forecasted values should not be fully integrated into time series data as inputs for successive rounds of prediction. The predictions from LSTM and C_CNN are stochastic in nature, probably generate potential extreme outcomes in certain instances. For more robust and consistent results in the future, multiple iterations should be conducted, and their results averaged.

